samples: matter: Pulled update removing defaults for child images (#15575)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.7.rst

      * All Partition Manager configuration files (:file:`pm_static` files) have been removed from the :file:`configuration` directory.
        Instead, a :file:`pm_static_<BOARD>` file has been created for each target board and placed in the samples' directories.
        Setting the ``PM_STATIC_YML_FILE`` argument in the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file has been removed, as it is no longer needed.
      * Configuration files :file:`Kconfig.mcuboot.defaults`, :file:`Kconfig.hci_ipc.defaults` and :file:`Kconfig.multiprotocol_rpmsg.defaults` that stored a default configuration for the child images have been removed.

>         This was done because of the sysbuild integration and child images deprecation.
>         The Matter samples and applications have been migrated to use sysbuild, however you can still use the child images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This was done because of the sysbuild integration and child images deprecation.

        The Matter samples and applications have been migrated to use sysbuild, though you can still use the child images.
```

>         To migrate an application from the previous to the new version and keep using child images complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To migrate an application from the previous to the new version and keep using child images, complete the following steps:
```

>         1. Copy the content of the image configuration :file:`prj.conf` file located in the `sysbuild/<image_name>` directory (e.g. `sysbuild/mcuboot`) to the :file:`prj.conf` file located in the `child_image/<image_name>` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Copy the content of the image configuration :file:`prj.conf` located in the `sysbuild/<image_name>` directory (for example,  :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot`) to the :file:`prj.conf` file located in the :file:`child_image/<image_name>` directory.
```

>         #. Copy the content of the board configuration file located in the the `sysbuild/<image_name>/boards` directory (e.g. `sysbuild/mcuboot/boards/nrf52840dk_nrf52840conf`) to the board file located in the `child_image/<image_name>/boards` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. Copy the content of the board configuration file located in the :file:`sysbuild/<image_name>/boards` directory (for example, :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot/boards/nrf52840dk_nrf52840.conf`) to the board file located in the :file:`child_image/<image_name>/boards` directory.
```
